README.md, before:

# Flux-upscaling-working-group-2024-Workshop-Report
Flux upscaling working group / 2024 Workshop Report: Remote Sensing and Fluxes Upscaling for Real-world Impact

This repository contains materials from the 2024 Remote Sensing and Fluxes Upscaling for Real-world Impact workshop focused on analyzing and integrating remote sensing and flux data using Jupyter Notebooks. The workshop featured a series of presentations, which are outlined in the agenda included in this repository. 

The repository is organized as follows:
- **Jupyter Notebooks**: A collection of notebooks providing tutorials and examples for working with remote sensing and flux data, designed to be run on Google Colab.
- **Presentations**: Slides and supporting materials from the workshop presentations, following the agenda.

To run the notebooks, simply open them in Google Colab and follow the instructions. This repository aims to provide a resource for participants and others interested in learning about remote sensing and flux data analysis and integration.

Datasets created and used in the hands-on session can be also found [here](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1WyAYDHvut789H-oEbO6Lm-ObKP1wlbM5/view?usp=sharing)

## Workshop Organizing Committee
Nicola Falco (Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory)

Koong Yi (Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory)

Stefan Metzger (AtmoFacts)

David Durden (National Ecological Observatory Network)

Chris Florian (National Ecological Observatory Network)

Paul Stoy (Univ. of Wisconsin-Madison)

Mallory Barnes (Indiana University)

Gavin McNicol (Univ. of Illinois Chicago)

## Coordinator
Christin Buechner (Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory)

## Tutorial Copyright Notice
2024 Workshop - Remote Sensing and Fluxes Upscaling for Real-world Impact - Tutorial Copyright (c) 2025, The Regents of the University of California, through Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory (subject to receipt of any required approvals from the U.S. Dept. of Energy), Battelle, through National Ecological Observatory Network (NEON), and AtmoFacts. All rights reserved.

This software is available under the GNU Affero General Public License
(“AGPL”) v3. If you have questions about your rights to use or distribute this
software, please contact Berkeley Lab's Intellectual Property Office at
 IPO@lbl.gov.

NOTICE.  This Software was developed under funding from the U.S. Department
of Energy and the U.S. Government consequently retains certain rights.  As
such, the U.S. Government has been granted for itself and others acting on
its behalf a paid-up, nonexclusive, irrevocable, worldwide license in the
Software to reproduce, distribute copies to the public, prepare derivative 
works, and perform publicly and display publicly, and to permit others to do so.

## Tutorial License
See [License](https://github.com/AMF-FLX/Flux-upscaling-working-group-2024-Workshop-Report/tree/main#:~:text=Last%20commit%20date-,LICENSE,-Create%20LICENSE) file for licensing details.

Commit message:

Update README with external resources and copyright sections
Added external resources and updated section titles.

README.md, after:

# Flux-upscaling-working-group-2024-Workshop-Report
Flux upscaling working group / 2024 Workshop Report: Remote Sensing and Fluxes Upscaling for Real-world Impact

This repository contains materials from the 2024 Remote Sensing and Fluxes Upscaling for Real-world Impact workshop focused on analyzing and integrating remote sensing and flux data using Jupyter Notebooks. The workshop featured a series of presentations, which are outlined in the agenda included in this repository. 

The repository is organized as follows:
- **Jupyter Notebooks**: A collection of notebooks providing tutorials and examples for working with remote sensing and flux data, designed to be run on Google Colab.
- **Presentations**: Slides and supporting materials from the workshop presentations, following the agenda.

To run the notebooks, simply open them in Google Colab and follow the instructions. This repository aims to provide a resource for participants and others interested in learning about remote sensing and flux data analysis and integration.

### External Resorces 
- Datasets created and used in the hands-on session can be also found [here](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1WyAYDHvut789H-oEbO6Lm-ObKP1wlbM5/view?usp=sharing)
- Recordings of the sessions are available on the [event](https://go.lbl.gov/vy35rp) page of the Ameriflux web portal.  

## Workshop Organizing Committee
Nicola Falco (Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory)

Koong Yi (Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory)

Stefan Metzger (AtmoFacts)

David Durden (National Ecological Observatory Network)

Chris Florian (National Ecological Observatory Network)

Paul Stoy (Univ. of Wisconsin-Madison)

Mallory Barnes (Indiana University)

Gavin McNicol (Univ. of Illinois Chicago)

## Coordinator
Christin Buechner (Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory)

## Hands-on Tutorial Copyright Notice
2024 Workshop - Remote Sensing and Fluxes Upscaling for Real-world Impact - Tutorial Copyright (c) 2025, The Regents of the University of California, through Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory (subject to receipt of any required approvals from the U.S. Dept. of Energy), Battelle, through National Ecological Observatory Network (NEON), and AtmoFacts. All rights reserved.

This software is available under the GNU Affero General Public License
(“AGPL”) v3. If you have questions about your rights to use or distribute this
software, please contact Berkeley Lab's Intellectual Property Office at
 IPO@lbl.gov.

NOTICE.  This Software was developed under funding from the U.S. Department
of Energy and the U.S. Government consequently retains certain rights.  As
such, the U.S. Government has been granted for itself and others acting on
its behalf a paid-up, nonexclusive, irrevocable, worldwide license in the
Software to reproduce, distribute copies to the public, prepare derivative 
works, and perform publicly and display publicly, and to permit others to do so.

## Hands-on Tutorial License
See [License](https://github.com/AMF-FLX/Flux-upscaling-working-group-2024-Workshop-Report/tree/main#:~:text=Last%20commit%20date-,LICENSE,-Create%20LICENSE) file for licensing details.
